## 1.4 What is a Full Stack Engineer

Before we talk about what a full stack engineer is, we should talk about the basic architecture for web applications. Most modern web application architectures consist of 3 tiers, a front-end, a back-end, and a datastore. In order to be considered a full-stack engineer, you must have a level of competence in all tiers. In addition to understanding the interaction between the 3 tiers, a modern full stack engineer must understand the complete Software Development Lifecycle, from ingesting designs and specification from Product Managers, to working with Continuous Integration platforms for deployment, Testing Frameworks to insure a level of quality, and using Cloud Services to host and manage the deployed applications. 

As a full stack engineer, you are the go to person for understanding how all the pieces work together, and you need to be able to provide guidance to individual groups of developers based on the overall technical direction of the project. In a larger organization, you may not necessarily get down to the fine grain updates on the front end, or at the datastore level, but you should know how to jump in at every level as an expert, and be able to articulate why certain systems, development, and architectual decisions have been made. In a smaller organization, you may be the only resource to put it all together. In any case, it's exciting, and interesting to be aware of the man behind the curtain, and to understand what magic happens when a front end Javascript function call invisibly engages an asynchronous REST request to a serverless API providing access to a distributed database system.

It's been debated recently that the concept of full stack engineers are disappearing due to the complexity of each layer, and the idea of expert specialization in tiered frameworks. This seems like a natural progression to separate the tiers, but as of the fall of 2018, Zip Recruiter <https://www.ziprecruiter.com/candidate/search?search=full+stack&location=> reports over 19,000 jobs available with the term full stack. I would say that we're probably quite a ways off from saying that full stack engineers are extinct or obsolete. I think with modern language tooling, and cloud computing, being a full stack engineer today is more exciting than it's ever been, and the ability to be hyper-productive is a reality if you're willing to put the work in. 
 