## 1.1 About Me

This is always a difficult section to write because the book isn't about me, but about learning something new. However, in order to trust me, the author, you need to be presented with why you should listen to me. So, here it goes. 

I've been programming since I was 10 years old, back when all I really had access to was Basic programming and Compute magazine. I've been professionally programming since 1997, starting in a technical QA role building tools in Perl and Bash, eventually moving to more senior architecture roles. My skillset has spanned many disciplines, including low level Linux device driver development in C, J2EE architecture with Oracle E-Business, Full-Stack development with PHP and Zend Framework, Mobile App development with Android SDK, and Objective-C for iOS, de-facto Data Science, and Deep Learning development with Python, Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, and Keras, and I've dabbled in VR, and AR Development with Unity and C#. I'm an impassioned lifelong learner of software development, systems architecture, algorithm design, artificial intelligence, and complex problem solving.

Professionally, I've been involved in software development since 1996. Since 2001, I've been in CTO or Lead Architect roles, starting with Web Application Containers with J2EE when it was in it's infancy, back when Entity Beans were a thing. I've been lucky enough to start a few successful companies building infrastructure from the ground up with various languages, watching technology develop to address issues of scalability, front-end cohesiveness across all browsers and all devices, dev-ops, and continuous integration. I've taken companies from the idea phase to delivering billions of interactions. In 2003, I started one of the first Social Networks called Buzznet, which eventually became Spin Media, and in 2009, I created a native advertising platform called Jetpack that currently services clients such as CNN, Bleacher Report, and CBS TV. 

It's an honor to share my years of experience with you. I hope you find what I bring to the table to be of value, and that it will allow you to streamline your learning experience, and get you closer to your achieving your goals. 